Q1. What is chunk ?
Answer : Breaking of large text into smaller parts so that it can store only relevant and meaningful information together, each 
         such part is known as a chunk.

Q2.Why can't we simply embed the entire document ?
Answer : Embedding entire document has many problems : (1) large computational cost  (2) storing noise (3) dilution of meaning of data
         (4) retrieval precision decreases etc. 

Q3. What is chunk size ? 
Answer : It the amount of characters in each chunk.

Q4. What is chunk overlap ?
Answer : It is amount of data that each new chunks takes from it's previous chunk so that it can maintain context.

Q5. Why do we use overlap ?
Answer : We use overlap so that we don't loose context of the informtion. 

Q6. What happens if chunks are too small ?
Answer : They loose context as now information is divided into several chunks and this leads to more computation.

Q7. What happens if chunks are too large ?
Answer : If chunks are too large then they may contain irrelevant information/noise which we don't need, so retrieval precision decreases.

Q8. Why is excessive overlap is undesirable ?
Answer : Excessive overlap will lead to a lot of duplicate data which will require more storage and wil be computationally expensive.

Q9. Why should chunks have metadata ?
Answer : Chunks should have metadata so that they can have refrence also with the information like from where this infomation came etc.

Q10. What is the difference between fixed-size and semantic/sentence-based chunking ?
Answer : In fixed size chunking we split the text/data at exact number of characters which can lead to context loss, while in sentence based 
         chunking we chunks data based on complete sentences which helps to retain atleast sentences which carry useful meaning. 

Q11. Why is recursive chunking useful ?
Answer : It is useful beacuse splits based on seprators which try to maintain largest unit possible together below the chunk-size so that 
         the meaning of the text is preserved.

Q12. Given:

chunk_size = 500
chunk_overlap = 100

what is the starting position of:

Chunk 1
Chunk 2
Chunk 3
Chunk 4
Answer : Starting point of chunk 1 will be 0
         Starting point of chunk 2 will be 500-100 = 400
         Starting point of chunk 3 will be 900-100 = 800
         Starting point of chunk 4 will be 1300-100 = 1200
         